Huya, why are you hitting me?
Is this kid making trouble?
Master Lu and I are brothers who worship the handle
You dare to threaten him with my name
Master Lu, how do you deal with this old boy?
Do you want me to take him for you?
Hu Yan Lu Yan
I was wrong.
You you you you you can't kill me
None of my business.
I was told to.
Xiao Yang
Although my sister doesn't know how you met Master Tiger
But you have to forgive others until you forgive others
We are older.
Don't worry, I have a dream.
Oh so cheap
I don't kill people
But Tiger, you have to teach me a lesson
Break his leg
Lord Deer is angry
Lord Lu is kind
Oops, you old boy is so lucky
How dare you be disrespectful to Lord Lu?
Tiger, you can't touch me
I'm doing something for a big shot
I'm so scared.
What's wrong with you?
What happened when I beat you up?
Come on, come on, bring me my bottle
Excuse me, two sisters, avoid it.
This is old
It's a little less. Ask enough.
Nonsense, what are you doing?
Don't you usually like to drink tea?